in the same being in phase of tests in the mpt already is in three levels more
commented and awaited from recent times as great as his
acceptance are the controversies about dengue who still do not have goals
clear the player himself
just survive edmund passed
but after all
which makes the biggest deficit so interesting
the technician has prepared this video that can help you answer this question
the world of fertile May is made because polygonal
everything around you is made of blocks with a size that is annoying something like
with pieces of lego
you did not want a tool the feature at the beginning except the ones
soon to start producing their first tools is essential to
survive the perils of the night
collecting the wood from the water is a good start
besides collecting resources from any part of the world marie claire t too
allows the transformation of the raw material into by-products with
tools
to be called pet
transformation can be done in your character's inventory menu but it is
much more effective if we have a working bench
This is the first thing we are going to build.
first we need to put the stem blocks of the trees that we are in the
square of crack which will result in the star after wooden '
steps drags voice to fill all squares
forming the design of a trunk the bench will appear on the side
now that we have positioned the bench in the scenario we can use it to
build our first tool to pick wood '
the idea is to form the drawing of a pick in the squares using sticks
to the cable a spokesman on the top if the
correct the tool will appear immediately
we can use the pick to collect stones and build a shelter
it will not be long until the musicians appear
staying out of the woods is not a good idea
survive after the first night
we are already equipped with more durable tools and we can venture
in the darkness of the caves
exploring the mine interior is one of the biggest challenges of the game is not
Difficult to find worlds over there on the other side the deeper the bells
the higher the frequency with which we found primary metals such as iron and uruguay
I already asked the client
game animals can also offer various kinds of features
Sheep wool is especially useful because with it you can build a
bed which makes the night pasini more quickly
there are virtually no limits to what you can do your
May pet criticism by the giants to roller coasters I'm even called
iron at a fair you can build children by train and the years to make a
faster means of transport
you can also call your friends to collaborate in building your
time
few or almost one of the many servers open on the internet
examples of monumental works being shared around the
lack
How's that for us?
or this game of old
made with blocks that can behave like logic circuits
There are also lots of different game pots that can
have to change the original textures is to transform an aesthetic the world vip
This was just a bet.
more needs to be done
check out also the article
let's move pme
our pace
he do not forget to click the button to sign up for our channel